[Gitlab V2] Update deprecated request params (#36702)
demisto/content: Packs/GitLab/ReleaseNotes/2_2_23.md

#### Integrations

##### GitLab v2

> - Fixed an issue in ***gitlab-commit-list*** command where *created_after* and *created_before* didn't filter commits properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***gitlab-commit-list*** command to use *since* instead of *created_after* and *until* instead of *created_before* due to API changes.
```

> - Updated the ***gitlab-commit-list*** command to use *since* instead of *created_after* and *until* instead of *created_before* due to API changes.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***gitlab-commit-list*** command where the *created_after* and *created_before* arguments did not filter the response entries within the requested time frame due to API changes.
```
